## **Oct 3rd Agenda - Security Meeting**

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  | [Zoom](https://datadog.zoom.us/recording/share/PWEIdNRUP0n7sbjCTcZmxZcjBe6ZUpIpi9fgOxlyr6OwIumekTziMw) |
| Attending  | Ralph Squillace (Microsoft), Chris G (Microsoft), Justin Cormack (Docker), Radu M (Microsoft), Trishank K Kuppusamy (Datadog) |
| Note Taker | Trishank, Ralph |

**Rough minutes**

* Ralph: even within Microsoft, there will be very different customer demands. So flexibility will be key.
* Radu: do we want to prescribe how root keys for TUF and in-toto should be managed?
  * Talk about how to distribute in-toto and TUF root keys
  * Talk about possibilities
* Ralph: make clear what is necessary and what is not to achieve a desired level of security.
* Radu: could the targets key be used?
  * Talk about how to use Notary v1 to just use top-level targets role metadata to sign everything.

* **Zoom chat**

* From Me to Everyone: (12:06 PM)
[https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/pull/253](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/pull/253 )
* From Ralph Squillace to Everyone: (12:07 PM)
 Apologies; there is a call that MIGHT be coming for me for which I need to step out. 
* From Ralph Squillace to Everyone: (12:10 PM)
 ralph: my position would be that we need to be flexible about this as well. Our example implementations can take one or another direction. My two cents. We should be clear that I understand Steve’s issues, but do not share them in all cases. We have enough customers that will demand something quite different. 
* From Ralph Squillace to Everyone: (12:12 PM)
 the complexity of discussion might map well to “levels of security” concept… I may have to step away… Which is a good concept to address. justin’s annoying with good questions that way I think we need to take a stance on it. 
* From Me to Everyone: (12:17 PM)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/engineering/secure-publication-of-datadog-agent-integrations-with-tuf-and-in-toto/](https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/engineering/secure-publication-of-datadog-agent-integrations-with-tuf-and-in-toto/)
* From Me to Everyone: (12:18 PM)
[https://dd-integrations-core-wheels-build-stable.datadoghq.com/metadata.staged/targets.json](https://dd-integrations-core-wheels-build-stable.datadoghq.com/metadata.staged/targets.json)
* From Ralph Squillace to Everyone: (12:20 PM)
 Notes here: Justin, also how would the end user get the public keys as well how in PRACTICE you get the root layout key? Answer: we’re hijacking tuf for that 
* From Radu M to Everyone: (12:27 PM)
 Same here 
* From Justin Cormack to Everyone: (12:27 PM)
 sorry verr bad connection i was saying it depends on how much you want the spec to be generic or specific 
* From Ralph Squillace to Everyone: (12:29 PM)
 right ^^^ 
* From Justin Cormack to Everyone: (12:29 PM)
 i think we need specific guidance eventually before people can reasonably use it 
* From Ralph Squillace to Everyone: (12:29 PM)
 ralph: want the spec to call out specific areas where a solution MUST be chosen in order to ACHIEVE a certain level of confidence, without saying WHICH solution is the one to choose. 
* From Ralph Squillace to Everyone: (12:30 PM)
 I also think that our example implementations MUST show one mechanism to do it. Better, two mechanisms. @Justin? ^^^^ 
* From Justin Cormack to Everyone: (12:30 PM)
 its kind if hard to do that with security though, being vague leaves gaps that can break model 
* From Ralph Squillace to Everyone: (12:31 PM)
 I think we can work with this. I’d like to get as specific as we possibly can before we start moving into specific implementations. I think we can iterate with you here to reach workable and helpful levels of clarity We can call it the Justin Gut-Check(TM) ????? 
* From Justin Cormack to Everyone: (12:32 PM)
 i would prefer a set of fully worked out implementations 
* From Ralph Squillace to Everyone: (12:33 PM)
 I expect that those would be our “reference” implementations, yes. Are you saying we should move those implementations into the spec? 
* From Ralph Squillace to Everyone: (12:34 PM)
 I’t a reasonable take, I’m just confirming that we have a target in common, which I **think** we do, but just circling here. 
* From Justin Cormack to Everyone: (12:34 PM)
 well either the spec should be quite unspecific (this is how you add metadata). or it should include a list of reference implementations in more detail. i worry about in between stage. 
* From Ralph Squillace to Everyone: (12:38 PM)
 Radu’s work is a fantastic way to exercise this stuff Thanks, Justin — I appreciate the clarity for our work here. 