## **February 13 Agenda**
|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording     | https://youtu.be/d3EOrtsCd7o |
| Attending     | Jeremy Rickard, Radu Matei, Matt Butcher, Ryan Moran, Urvashi Reddy, Chris Crone, Karen Chu, Lachlan Evenson, Carolyn Van Slyck, Vaughn Dice, Simon Ferquel, Swapnil Bawaskar, Silvin Lubecki, Adnan Abdulhussein, Nuno do Carmo, Sameer Adveni, Daniel Fein, Josh Dolitsky, Simon, Gabrielle, Glyn Normington|
| Note Taker     | Jeremy Rickard |

**AGENDA**

* Demo: Porter
* What's chang(ed|ing) in the spec since last week
    * Metadata: License
    * Namespacing rules
    * Canonical JSON
    * Proposed: JSONSchema subset for params
    * Proposed: Remove CNAB_P_*
* Commit on storing CNABs in registries
    * Explanation of chosen method
    * How and when should this be added to the spec?
* Short update on TUF/In-Toto design

**NOTES**

**Lots of new people again, thanks for joining us!**

* Porter Demo
    * Links to Porter
        * https://porter.sh
        * https://github.com/deislabs/porter
    * Question from nuno:
        * currently testing the exec mixin, but will the other cnab “clients” be able to run it too? (and yes I would totally understand if I’m out of scope) 
        * Answer:
            Hey Nuno, right now they are porter concepts. So they work w/ the Porter build / porter run flow. Once you build the bundle, you could run that in other tooling, but right now the porter runtime knows how to invoke them 
    * Question from glyn: 
        * How do people know how to use mixins
        * Answer: Mixins provide a schema that returns JSON schema 
* Canonical JSON
    * Moving to Canonical JSON for CNAB is preferred
    * One pro per Radu: "And a lot more language implementations for canonical JSON serializers.."" 
* Proposed: JSONSchema subset for params
    * Ryan Moran has been working on a proposal. No PR yet. 
    * Has been chatting with Matt about it.
    * Would introduce more strcture to parameters
* CNAB in Registries
    * see repo below for example of what is the current thought
    * CNAB to OCI: https://github.com/docker/cnab-to-
oci/blob/13c4adaaf091e6f996116aff5ecc3f0eb6a3dd20/README.md#example
    * Matt Fisher: thinks its a good idea 
    * Chris Crone [10:51 AM]
For those interested in how CNAB and other artifacts are stored in registries, there's a #artifact-registry channel now
* Did not cover the TUF/In-Toto Design updates
* We decided to extend the meeting for next week. The invite will get updated.

**ACTION ITEMS**