=======
# CNAB Community Meeting


**Meeting time:** Every other Wednesday 9:00 AM - 10:00 AM US Pacific Time
**Zoom Link:** https://zoom.us/j/653255416
**GitHub Repo:** https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec
**Group slack channel:** #cnab @ cloud-native.slack.com (Get an invite from: https://slack.cncf.io)
**Mailing list:** https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!forum/dev
**Document Link:** https://aka.ms/cnab/meeting
**YouTube:** https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLL6BzOBDywQeaaKFZkdt10JTZr5BxjQvQ

## Meeting Minutes and Agenda

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  | https://youtu.be/vGXesWWWdjU |
| Attending  | Justin Cormack. Radu Matei, Carolyn Van Slyck, Silvin Lubecki, Urvashi Reddy, Jacob LeGrone, Vaughn Dice, Jeremy Rickard |
| Note Taker | Jeremy Rickard  |


* New people?
* security
    * please review cnab-spec #300, #301, #302, #303, #304
    * started work on Python implementation https://github.com/engineerd/pysigny/pull/1 (to be moved to cnabio)
    * Please take a look at the PR
    * Go implementation now tested with local registry + Notary, Docker Hub (with notary.docker.io), Azure Container Registry (with integrated Notary) + latest branch of cnab-to-oci for pushing the bundle and images.
    * Signing in-toto metadata with TUF keys for now
        * Could we add external HSM?
        * Justin: Pass which key to whom, where
        * Radu: discussion is around in-toto root signing key
            * Will pass a TUF key for now
        * Justin: what state are these tools in w/r/t the spec recommendations
            * Go impl -> only work item is use tuf key for in-toto root layout, works with DockerHub, Local Registry and Azure Container Registry, could work into duffle
            * Python impl is work in progress
            * Move go impl to cnabio org
            * If anyone wants to help on python impl, reach out to Radu
* cnab-to-oci
    * local images now pushed, build bundle -> push bundle workflow now works
    * cut new release to unblock https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/pull/875 and https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-go/pull/150
    * release soon, one more PR
* duffle refactoring
    * lots of code in cmd/ would like refactor to move stuff into pkg/, remove duplicated stuff,etc. Radu will have WIP PR to handle.  
* should we add signing stuff to duffle? 
    * Sounds useful. 
* Review https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-go/pull/15486
