## **May 29 Agenda**

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording | https://youtu.be/GmM140msj50 |
| Attending | Matt Butcher, Jeremy Rickard, Radu Matei, Glyn Normington, Ryan Moran, Simon Ferquel, Chris G, Carolyn Van Slyck, Steve Lasker, Vaugh Dice, Josh Dolitsky, Nuno do Carmo, Jacob LeGrone |
| Note Taker | Matt Butcher |

**Agenda**
 * New Folks
 * Demos:
 * Please Review and Comment:
     - [duffle PR 741: thick bundle relocation](https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/pull/741) still to be approved

 * Summary of CNAB and OCI registries discussion at KubeCon - https://hackmd.io/s/HyX_1znTV
 * Who are the core maintainers of libcnab-rust?
 * How do we feel about Core 1.0 Spec?


**Notes**
- Issue 741 was reviewed prior to KubeCon, but lost momentum.
- Radu: Meetings at KubeCon revolving around the latest OCI and how OCI registries can be used to store different sorts of content
    - Additional media type: Agreed that this is a better solution than annotations
    - OCI all artifacts referenced by an index have to be in the same repository. It would be good to be able to reference external (remote) objects in a different repo or registry. This needs to be written up and proposed to OCI
        - Simon: Cross-registry references present a problem with verification: Can't be sure references remain consistent
        - Radu: Yes, but at least registry maintainers are open to discussion
        - Steve: It's not too different than foreign layer problems that exist (in Windows?) today. It's a choice (optional) to use this. Most of this is tooling-related: choice to move or not move
    - Glyn: Multiple media types in the same repository?
        - Simon: Docker (Hub? Distro?) requires this
        - Steve: Some people are more dedicated to the idea that a repository has just things of one type
        - Radu: If the spec allows these, then it gives users the ability to limit to one, or to use multiple types
        - Glyn: How can we test this? Radu: Probably can't. We'll have to come up with a fallback mechanism
        - Simon: CNAB-to-OCI does have some fallback mechanisms, and we could do this again when moving to the new OCI spec
        - Steve: Timeline for Docker to support new OCI? Simon: Not sure what has been decided
    - Radu: Last point: Should we store the bundle.json, and how do we handle signing (cryptographically)? We could do it like a trust server (TUF), or we could split the data into OCI manifest format and... (I lost the end of that sentence)
        - Simon: Image could be referenced by full location or by relative path (`example.com/foo/bar` vs `foo/bar`) so that hte bundle.json could be moved without image rewrites
        - Glyn: Can we sign bundle.json before pushing to registry (in Simon's relative path scenario)
        - Simon: Yes, we could sign the bundle.json and put it in the registry and be good, as soon as the images are in the registry (so we could get the digests from those). Could also sign the OCI index, and when we export a bundle, we can export an OCI layer file which will contain the index and the images. THen we could validate the signature.
        - Radu: Boils down to whether a bundle.json itself is valuable outside of the registry. If we don't need to move a bundle.json file outside of a registry, we could go the route Simon and I discussed. Otherwise, we should do it in an external signature registry. If the image is moved from one place to another, the digest changes even if the image doesn't. So we need to make sure that doesn't cause a security issue.
        - Radu: Is a bundle.json valuable outside of a registry?
        - Glyn: Yes, it is. The build step of that product can sign the bundle.json, and it can be transmitted to the user via other out of band methods. Pushing to a registry should not be a necessary part of a security flow. (Note taker nods in agreement)
        - Simon: It might not be the  best way to share bundles via just bundle.json. Can also use OCI layered files for sharing (without registry). Air-gapped scenarios really needs layers to hydrate image. 
        - Glyn: Agree with air-gapped, but we have a version where we want to sign a bundle.json that points to well-known existing location. This is different than the thick case.
        - Radu: If we sign full bundle.json and store it in a trust server, any relocation operation on those images will resolve in invalidation of the signature (changed locations)
        - Steve: Even in air-gap we still need a registry. We don't need a _third_ entity there. In Barcelona we talked about the location of where we get it is less important than whether we get the thing we want. It's the thing itself that we want to be signed. We need a first-class experience for choosing by content, not by location. Once the content is signed, it doesn't matter where it came from.
        - Simon: I am not sure what we had discussed before would cover what we are saying now. Relative paths for image would help, but it might not be as flexible as what you described. It's just a step in the right direction.
- Jeremy: So what are the next steps for the registry?
    - Steve: It will be discussed on the OCI call today. There was a pretty productive move toward consensus at Barcelona. Whether the bundle.json is in the registry or not, we still haven't decided
    - Radu: CNAB-to-OCI is the closest to what we are talking about, so we are going to keep working on that
    - Jeremy: For Duffle, do we want that capability baked in? Radu: Yes, when CNAB-to-OCI is updated, we should merge that in. There may be other relocation issues that don't get merged yet.
    - Glyn: Can we post the OCI issues in the CNAB slack?
    - Radu: Store the entire bundle file vs storing the bundle... maybe we should have a standalone meeting on that.
    - Radu: We need to figure out what we want to do with the CNAB security specification.
- Who are the core maintainers of libcnab-rust?
    - The moderator just volunteered to open an issue on that. Glyn and Jacob volunteered to help review PRs
    - Radu: Also, there's a .NET library that could use some help as well
    - Simon: We would like to prototype something that would add annotations to k8s Application CRDs and use that to deploy CNABs.
- Do we forsee any big changes fpr 1.0 
    - Simon: maybe decide on storage bit before 1.0
    - Ryan: required PR is still open. 
        - we take the actual json schemas and pull out to top level def
        - within the param or output sections, just reference schemas
        - frees up conflict between json schema def and param/output definitions
        - https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/178
        - Glyn: 3 for 1.0
            - Airgap (https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/147)
            - Thick bundle naming( https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/171)
            - Images as parameters (https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/172)
     - Let's make a milestone to track these
     - Add standing agenda item to check in on Core 1.0 progress