## **August 21st Agenda - General Meeting**

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  | https://youtu.be/7lAqOJJ7Ed0 |
| Attending  | Chris Crone, Radu Matei, Glyn Normington, Silvin Lubecki, Jeremy Rickard, {Trishank, Jacob, Doug} (DataDog), Zayd Zori, Ryan Moran, Leah Hanson, Urvashi Reddy, Carolyn Van Slyck |
| Note Taker | Radu Matei |

**Agenda**

* New folks
* [CNAB Core 1.0 Specification Freeze](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/pull/238)
        * action items: go through the new issues in the spec and see if any of them requires changes
    * Review recent [issues](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues)
* `cnab-go`, `duffle` updates
    * [`duffle claim show --output`](https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/pull/815)
        * Are we done with https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/issues/747 ?
            * is the output issue ready to be closed?
                * Yes. Will close today if no objections.
            * we have output handling for the Docker driver.
            * Duffle already handles this, cnab-go still to implement support in k8s/command drivers.
    * [Duffle 0.3.1-beta1](https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/releases/tag/0.3.1-beta.1)
        * new release - is the cadence of releases ok?
    * Image Digest Validation for 1.0? (related to Distribution perhaps)
        * no complete implementation of digest validation yet.
        * the digest field is not populated right now by Duffle (see cnab-to-oci)
        * create bundle, before pushing the invocation image the bundle is exported - so you don't have a digest yet (no guarantees that the digest from the local demon matches)
        * Radu: we should have digest validation checks
            * action item: create issue [in cnab-go] and discuss potential items
        * Ryan: is there an item in the spec that requires runtimes to validate digests?
            * action item: create issue [in cnab-spec] and discuss whether to add requirement
    * [Review the cnab-go 1.0](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-go/milestone/1) milestone
    * [Review the Duffle 1.0](https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/milestone/2) milestone
* CNAB Distribution Specification
    * [`cnab-to-oci` updates](https://github.com/docker/cnab-to-oci/pull/65) (relocation map, storing the entire bundle, push / pull in canonical form)
        * new release (yay)
        * WIP for storing the entire bundle in the registry instead of reconstructing at runtime
        * generate relocation maps (both push and pull, consumers can drop both maps)
        * Glyn: are images copied to the repositories - what is the key of the relocation map?
            * A: original image
        * Trishank: how is the bundle actually stored in the OCI registry?
        * Chris Crone: describes how CNAB-TO-OCI works (storing an OCI index in the registry)
        * Trishank: making sure that the bundle is not modified when moving to another registry.
        * Chris Crone: no, bundles are not modified when pushing to a new repo
    * when to push to get image digests for thick bundles
* CNAB Security Specification
    * [WIP PR](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/pull/253) (Trishank)
        * still a WIP
        * adding a layer of TUF and In-Toto metadata about images and bundles
        * goal not to tie the spec to a single implementation
        * gradual security - Trishank describes what the In-Toto metadata is used for + what the TUF metadata is used for
        * the concept of gradual security allow organizations to gradually implement bundle signature, image signature, then bundle and image provenance
    * [workflow, metadata used, verification process](https://hackmd.io/@radu/SJHD66H4r) + demo (Radu)
        * are bundles compressed in the registry?
        
    * where should layout signing keys be stored?
        * Trishank recommandation: use top level delegation
        * real root of trust should be signed by the top level
    * potential need for storing data in the bundle for the security spec - use of `custom` from the bundle