## **April 17 Agenda**

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording | https://youtu.be/MlXMXQGLejM |
| Attending | Karen Chu, Jeremy Rickard, Josh Dolitsky, Chris Green, Carolyn Van Slyck, Glyn Normington, Silvin Lubecki, Sameer Advani, Gabrielle Bufrem, Radu Matei, Michelle Noorali, Urvashi Reddy, Simon Ferquel, Vaughn Dice, Ryab Moran|
|Note Taker | Jeremy Rickard  |

**Agenda**
 * New Folks
 * Demos:
     * [insert demo here]
 * Inter-bundle dependencies: https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/156
 * Outputs update: Aligning to JSON Schema like Parameters
 * Status of the image relocation PR ([deislabs/duffle#671](https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/pull/671)) + draft documentation PR ([deislabs/duffle#714](https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/pull/714))
 * Status of the push/pull PR ([deislabs/duffle#681](https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/pull/681))
 * This meeting will change from weekly to every other week. The poll in slack indicates that people would like to meet every other. See poll results [here](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/CEX1W7WMD/p1554914802093200).


**Notes**

- Pivotal opened issue discussing dependant bundles: #156
    - Carolyn plans on opening a PR to discuss dependencies
    - Urvashi/Ryan interested in collaborating on that
    - See https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/156#issuecomment-482100944
    - There was some discussion in OSB API about depending on soemthing that "provides" a thing (like a mysql), might be useful here
    - Glyn: Raised an issue in Porter #147. Carolyn: we were going to solve in just Porter, but better to do a more general approach
    - Glyn: compare [OSGi](https://www.osgi.org/developer/specifications/) bundle dependencies and beware ending up with a [NP-complete resolver](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2085106/is-the-resolution-problem-in-osgi-np-complete).

- Outputs:
    - Some concern about persistence of outputs
    - Tmpfs volumes recommended in spec
    - Runtimes handle what they eventually do with them
    - Simon will open implementation issue in duffle

- Relocation:
    - PR is ready 
    - Draft documentation is ready too
    - Radu: last chance for people to weigh in, been open for a few weeks please comment ASAP

- Push/Pull:
    - We created a cnab go repo, has initial bundle client
    - Silvin has a PR open to use that in duffle
    - Push/Pull will use it, cnab-to-oci also
    - Should have a reviewable PR by end of the week

- Meeting will change to every other week:
    - Next meeting would be May 1, that is week of DockerCon
    - We should create a calendar invite

- Radu: we should do a duffle release next week

- Simon: we should separate the runtime spec from the distribution spec, concerns mixed right now
    - Things in the spec like content digest are really distribution concerns
    - Thick bundles are also a distribution concern
    - Radu: should we do this before 1.0? Simon: probably best to do before 1.0, remove before 1.0 and maybe 1.1 bring back. Feels safer to have smaller spec for v1
    - Glyn: not sure the oci parallel holds, bundles have image references so the split isn't as clean
        - Runtime probably needs to deal with thick bundles, could refactor the spec some to put concerns in a subspec
    - Simon: main point: should content validation happen in runtime? or does oci export handle
    - Chris G: can we have the runtime just validate but not do the relocation?
    - **We will continue this discussion in slack**
    
**Action Items**