## **June 26 Agenda**

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording | https://youtu.be/c34aAoROeyw |
| Attending | Chris Crone, Silvin Lubecki, Simon Ferquel, Matt Butcher, Radu Matei, Lachlan Evenson, Karen Chu, Jeremy Rickard, Leah Hanson, Ryan Moran |
| Note Taker | Leah Hanson |

**Agenda**

* New Folks
    * Leah Hanson
* Status Updates
    * Docker: updates to cnab-go and cnab-to-oci
* Start tagging cnab-go ASAP please!
* Open PR to start using go-modules rather than dep (todo link)
  * concerns about effects projects depending on cnab-go if cnab-go changes to go-modules, but duffle does not
  * Decision: wait until after 1.0
* Updates on cnab-go-ci & vendoring
  * Hard to manage -- depends on k8s, etc
  * It's a mess, work is being done
  * containerd had different opinion on how things should be implemented; will be fixed soon 
* [Rename Install/Uninstall #204](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/204)
  * Everyone has opinions (there's no perfect option that we can just pick today)
  * Decision: give everyone a week to comment on issue
  * Decision: make poll of verb pairs to vote on
* Summer holidays
  * How do we communicate that we're out and not ignoring people? 
  * Set Github status (avoid issue assignment)
  * Set slack status to vacation
  * Set email responder
  * ... build cross platform api to set all statuses ...
* 1.0 - Release end of Month or July 15th
  * No objections to delaying to July 15th
  * Decision: we will delay release to July 15th.
  * Status of issues:
    * There is a usecase for immutable property
    * Swapping image's platform (os/arch) field for the more generic label (string/string)
    * Air-gap scenarios checklist: export/import/signing package will work in airgapped network
  * Will new timeline work with maintainer schedules?
    * Urvashi & Glyn will not be back before July 15th.
    * Ryan has been anointed as proxy for both of them, so delay is not required.