## **March 27 Agenda**

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording | https://youtu.be/iljd1IRwofs |
| Attending | Glyn Normington, Jeremy Rickard, Radu Matei, Michelle Noorali, Ryan Moran, Chris Green, Urvashi Reddy, Darren from Intel, Karen Chu, 1 or more people from Pivotal Cambridge, Silvin Lubecki, Swapnil Bawaskar, Carolyn Van Slyck, Simon Davies, Steve Lasker, Ralph Squillace|
|Note Taker | Jeremy Rickard/Karen Chu |

**Agenda**
* New Folks
* Demos
* Discuss duffle image relocation requirements (with a view to planning how to implement [duffle issue 668](https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/issues/668)):
    * One-one repository mapping, mainly for human readability
    * Support for CNAB (optionally) _not_ to be stored in a registry, required for incremental adoption of CNAB
* image relocation vs. storing bundles in registries (continuation of image relocation requirements discussion)
* Go client for CNAB
    * avoiding circular dependencies
    * simple vendoring for projects trying to use code from Duffle
    
**Notes**
* Glyn: Concern about cnab-to-oci for relocation use cases
    * Push/Pull different requirement than relocating bundles
    * Image Relocation:
        * Take image prefix (gcr.io/myuser), modify all images to have that prefix
    * Radu: agree having different things happening during relocation vs relocation might be annoying, but they are different use cases
    * Radu: everyone ok with us continuing with push/pull and rewrite and seeing if we can converge next week?
* Go Client: 
    * cnab-to-oci took a dependency on duffle bundle pkg
    * trying to add cnab-to-oci to duffle
    * circular dependency
    * Radu has created a new repo for a cnab go client that can be referenced from duffle and other tools (https://github.com/radu-matei/cnab-go)
    * Carolyn: we are trying to use a lot of Duffle in Porter, lots of good logic in the cmd package
    * Radu: we use Docker CLI and thus have dependencies; we have an open item to move to Containerd
     * Ralph: we will want to extract as much as possible for flexibility and design
     * we still have a lot of things to pull out of the main pacakges of Duffle; whatever is in Github should be part of the Go client
     * Porter will supporter claim storage in the future
     * ideal for people to pair to pull packages out of the client
     
* Urvashi: Add `schema` field to parameters section ([PR #145](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/pull/145))
    * Michelle: makes sense, wondering what things in Duffle this effects and what the implementation looks like, will look into how import/export looks like 
    * Radu: this will effect downstream
    * current state of PR isn't JSON schema conformant but can be; clients can validate that themselves
    * will start a second PR to compare and contrast  
* Duffle push/pull is in a rough state
* Michelle: what digest field actually means
    * local Duffle build -- don't have Docker manifest; what exact should go into the digest field, if anything? 
    * What do you take a hash of to verify image of what you want? How do you make it so that it's not dependent on a registry component?
    * will write up an issue

**Action Items**
* Urvashi: second PR for adding  `schema` field to parameters section 
* Michelle: PR for what a digest field actually means