## **March 13 Agenda**
|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording | https://youtu.be/rss-Npo9h8A |
| Attending | Chris Crone, Caroyln Van Slyck, Ryan Moran, Karen Chu, Urvashi Reddy, Matt Butcher, Radu Matei, Nuno do Carmo, Chris Green, Josh Dolitsky, Silvin Lubecki, Michelle Noorali, Swapnil Bawaskar, Vaughn Dice, Gareth Rushgrove, Jeremy Rickard |
| Note Taker | Jeremy Rickard | 

**AGENDA**

* New Folks
* Demos
    * Carolyn: Porter + JSON Schema
* Please Review and Comment:
    * https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/pull/133
    * https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/pull/137
* Summary of Changes: https://hackmd.io/s/SJxpDvTLN
* Proposal: Relax MUST use Canonical JSON to SHOULD use Canonical JSON
* Plans for duffle rewrite or similar?
* Should custom extensions be exposed to invocation images?

**NOTES**

* Porter and it's mixins present JSON schema now, that drives IntelliSense for VS Code
    - If you install other mixins, will they get incorporated?
        - Mixins *can* expose schema but they aren't required right now
    - How can you generate the mixin?
        - Right now we did it by hand, but there is a wide range of tooling but different versions aren't compatible with different tooling  
* We'd like to merge 133 and 137 soon. Additive but useful. 
* Relax MUST use Canonical JSON? 
    * Collectively discovering Canonical JSON isn't terribly well supported
    * Might limit the support of libraries in other languages
    * Chris: sounds reasonable, checking signature after decoding binary feels wrong
* From chat: should we change images back to array from a map  
    * would be a breaking change need to decide soon
    * check with Silvin or Simon from Docker as to why that is the form (check with them in cncf slack)
    * tooling can have their own manifest files that represent in different ways
    * Start a discusison in #cnab channel in CNCF slack  

* Plans for Duffle Rewrite: 
    * Pivotal asked
    * Current plans probably should be in the invocation images themselves

* Follow up from last week docker socket: docker is making that change, we should add to best practices for runtimes

* Consider the spec in _slushy_ state and try not to make breaking changes between now and June. 

**ACTION ITEMS**

Jeremy: 
* Add _Should custom extensions be exposed to invocation images?_ to next week's agenda