## **April 10 Agenda**

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording | https://youtu.be/_pntGIQ5vnA |
| Attending | Lachie Evenson, Jeremy Rickard, Glyn Normington, Silvin Lubecki, Chris Crone, Jason Stevens, Ryan Moran, Matt Butcher, Chris Green, Vaughn Dice, Gabrielle Bufrem, Sameer Advani  |
|Note Taker |  |

**Agenda**
* New Folks
* Demos:
    * Glyn: duffle relocate 
        * Note: uses Pivotal's [image relocation code](https://github.com/pivotal/image-relocation).

* Relocation design - Core question: Should invocationImages and images to be treated differently. Burden for artifact relocation logic (runtime?) (Chris).
* Next steps on CNAB spec [issue 134](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/134)/[PR 137](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/pull/137) (image map to include original image names) (Glyn).
* Thick Bundle, CNAB-to-OCI, Registry discussion from Slack [#147](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/147) [#142](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/142) - "DeepExport" vs Thick Bundle 
* Proposal to change meeting frequency from weekly to every other week (Michelle)
* Checking in on [PR 153](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/pull/153): Adopting JSON Schema in the Parameters section
* Check in on CNAB bundle outputs (https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/pull/133) - Jeremy


**Notes**

* Glyn demoed duffle relocate
    * Image map includes original images, so things can be updated/moved i.e. Kubernetes Configurations
    
* Relocation design:  
    * Chris Green added this. From Azure Global Team @ MSFT
    * This is issue https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/147
    * Glyn's relocation demo does some of this work
    * cnab-to-oci does the same (the fixup operation), used in Docker App
            * Also caches the images in home directory so you can see invocation image + others on disk
    * Chris G will try and coordinate with Chris Crone and Glyn to land on a solid story
    * Michelle: Should we consider turning the images map into a new type of parameter? Michelle will open a PR 
   
* Ryan: Parameters in the bundle are JSON schema, you as bundle author would be able to write JSON Schema to describe parameters. 
    * Simon raised a concern that each string being full json document vs a simple string, Ryan thinks could it be a runtime thing. Chris: Simon's issue is mainly around usability
    * Matt: metadata object goes away, so it's a breaking change if this goes in 
    * Matt: we seem to be arriving at a consensus, PR open for comments

* PR 137: Image map should contain before/after info so it can do relocation as necessary
     * Digest can change in a relocation, so maybe we should include that too
     * Chris G interested in digest being in there
     * Michelle: would love to know how to preserve digest
         * Glyn: the [image relocation code](https://github.com/pivotal/image-relocation) preserves digests thanks to the design of its [go container registry](https://github.com/google/go-containerregistry) dependency.
  
* Meeting frequency: should we move to every other week?
    * Will put it to a vote in the slack channel.