## April 29th - General Meeting

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  |  |
| Attending  | Trishank Karthik Kuppusamy, Aditya Sirish, Chris Crone, Radu Matei, Matt Butcher, Carolyn Van Slyck, Vaughn Dice, Jacob LeGrone, Ralph Squillace, MChorfa |
| Note Taker |  |

### Agenda
* Welcome new CNABBERS ðŸ¦€

* New Associate Maintainer: Carolyn Van Slyck (Butcher)

* Add parameter sources custom extension [`cnab-spec`#365](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/365) (Carolyn)
    * Carolyn: This change backfills a gap we had in the spec when claims were previously changed - the contents of the output were in the claim itself, and it made it possible for one action to pass data into the next action. However, this didn't work well, since outputs can be large, and it did not make sense to embed output in claims. We pulled out output from claims, and this change adds parameter sources. The author can use custom extensions to specify how runtimes may connect outputs back to parameters.
    * Carolyn: this is a very early change, so please provide feedback on this PR.
    * Carolyn: I see Jacob already had some thoughts.
    * Jacob: do we want to support multiple parameter sources for the same parameter?
    * Carolyn: this is a great idea, particularly for multiple environments (dev, prod). I don't see a problem having this option.
    * Vaughn: how does this interact with default parameter values? i.e for parameters with sources and default values.
    * Carolyn: implementations might have additional sources (?) available. This change does not ratify the definitive source / order for retrieving paramter values, other tooling can make different choices (hierarchy) - we think that a default value might be the last source.
    * Jacob: runtimes could return an error if there is no source, and no default value set for a parameter.
    * Carolyn: did you add this as a comment already? This should be.
    * Chris: why not MUST?
    * Carolyn: this might depend on whether it is a required parameter or not.
    * Jacob: this is also an extension to the spec, so maybe runtimes that implement this extension MUST return an error.
    * Carolyn: we should think some more about this, I don't want to back all implementations into a corner, but have this more of a guidance.
    * Chris: if it is an extension -> MAY, and we have a requirement behind it -> MUST, this may be confusing.
    * Carolyn: this is also why I didn't want to 
    * Chris: at runtime it must return an error if the parameter value is not specified, right?
    * Jacob: maybe we could have a map of parameter sources with well-known keys (output source being one), and runtimes that don't implement the ability to resolve them could skip when resolving parameter sources. If they cannot resolve any source, they should return an error.

* Initial draft for registry specification [`cnab-spec`#362](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/362)
    * Radu: please review

* Claims spec:
    * Matt: do we think we are on track to put the claims spec on vote at the end of May?
    * Jacob, Ralph: Yes.
    * Chris: is anything blocking it?
    * Ralph: not sure.
    * Jacob: it would be nice to get an implementation into cnab-go before we vote on it.

* Canonical JSON and Helm values file (Jacob)
    * Jacob: trying to come up with a workable example for this, this might still be an underlying issue with the Helm values files. 
    * Jacob: we are unmarhaling multiple YAML files, merging their values together (as Helm does), and we get a map[string]interface which we want to marshal back to JSON -> canonical JSON.
    * Radu: are there any characters not supported in the canonical JSON spec
    * Jacob: yes, this might be the issue.
    * Carolyn: So you have a YAML file and you want it to be in bundle.json?
    * Jacob: this might be included in a claim at some point, and we want to have it canonicalized, so we can digest it later.
    * Carolyn: Porter added a custom parameter type that only Porter understands, which is file, and we base64 encode it. This is how we manage to avoid canonical JSON and decode it at runtime.
    * Jacob: we also have a JSON schema, which we want to enforce, and we want to allow users to change this at runtime.
    * Carolyn: I hate canonical JSON.
    * Radu: there is a basic test we've been doing with another Rust implementation - there might be an issue where the new change allows invalid canonical JSON.
* [Discussion of CNAB dependencies](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/issues/361) (MChorfa)

* Security
    * Known implementations [`cnab-spec`#288](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/288)
        * Radu: still in draft status, already discussed, needs one more LGTM before merging.
        * Ralph: let me know if you need help in getting people to review this.
    * Clarify how to verify & inspect in-toto metadata [`cnab-spec`#364](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/364)
        * Radu: PR is ready, has been discussion, needs one more LGTM from a spec maintainer.
    * Option to verify in-toto metadata on OS or container [`signy`#73](https://github.com/cnabio/signy/pull/73)
        * Review required (Radu)
        * Docker Hub credentials for GitHub Action (Vaughn)
        * Image tagging strategy (version, commit hash).
            * Trishank: we have arbitrary commands that can run as part of inspections. Where do we run those?
            * Trishank: 
            * Vaughn: I can see why we wouldn't want to have tags for each PR.
            * Radu: we can have a tag for each release, and have an 'edge' or 'latest' tag.
            * Ralph: and it's the responsibility of the verifier to have control over their verification steps. a container is merely an enabler here.â€©flexibility is important, but 95% will use the container provided.â€©
    * Minimal example of a software supply chain [`signy`#74](https://github.com/cnabio/signy/pull/74)
        * Explain what it does.
        * Trishank and Aditya to show demo of root layout and link metadata. 
            * Trishank: we think we have an idea of what an minimal supply chain template would look like.
            * Trishank: this change would give you a default supply chain template, and this is one example. It generates layout keys, and generates a root layout, and allows you to update the rules.
            * Aditya: this uses [in-toto ITE 4](https://github.com/in-toto/ITE/tree/master/ITE/4). We use the in-toto-run command to generate link attestations.
            * Trishank: this is what a developer would have to do as part of a git hook, for example.
            * Aditya: DEMO
            * Ralph: Discuss dev side basic usage of in-toto in GH as an example
            * Ralph: we are getting close to being able to enable a real workflow, and I'm starting to think about the basic materials needed for supply chain. We are going to have to have developers at least sign their commits. I wanted to let people know that I'm going to chat with Microsoft and GitHub about helping to make signed commits by default easier.
