## Mar. 18th - General Meeting

|            |                                                                                                                                                                      |
| ---------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Recording  | TBA                                                                                                                                                                  |
| Attending  | Ben Whiting, Carolyn Can Slyck, Tazin Progga, Silvin Lubecki, Glyn Normington, Ralph Squillace, Trishank Kappusami, Radu Matei, Karen Chu, Jacob LeGrone, Vaugh Dice |
| Note Taker | Radu M                                                                                                                                                               |

### Agenda

- Welcome new CNABBERS ðŸ¦€
- Optional invocation images - [#352](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/issues/352) (Glyn)
  - Glyn: declarative installation support, and there is a proposal to extend the metadata to "please" the K8s community, which is nervous about invocation images, hence the proposal. There is an open pull request, and the idea is to make invocation images optional - it means the runtime must understand the specifics of the bundle, meaning the bundles are not compatible with one another.
  - Glyn: just making the invocation image optional is part of the solution, but other things might fall out of the spec - parameters, credentials, and outputs are mapped in the invocation image, so my first attempt was to leave all of them out.
  - Carolyn: if one of the credentials your runtimes wanted was a `kubeconfig`, and we are not handling credentials anymore, how are you passing that?
  - Glyn: this is the job of the tool / runtime - the bundle does not need to specify that, it is
  - Carolyn: have you looked at Jacob's proposals?
  - Glyn: yes, that is a good step in the right direction, but not enough to capture VMWare's use cases
  - Ralph: if we walk back to the ongoing conversations (the gradient of bundles - arbitrary invocation images, runtimes swapping to known invocation images and temp credentials, and a purely declarative approach) - the abstract issue is the attempt to have confidence in the execution process. The second model, which passes known invocation images, lets us have confidence in what gets executed. But in the course of the conversation, it seems like the proposal in place aims to a specific implementation, rather than to a goal - which meets the judgement of the implementation, rather than the other way around.
  - Ralph: if we had a known invocation image, and we have a way of restricting credentials used, it might meet the abstract goal set in place (rather than an implementation goal). If we go forward, I am not clear how any runtime can do anything else with a bundle other than the default action. Other than grabbing the location of the manifest, and the runtime executing what is doing, is there any way the runtime can do anything else.
  - Glyn: image relocation would continue to work, security supply chain would still work.
  - Ralph: if a runtime examines the bundle, and doesn't see the optional declarative approach, it could work.
  - Glyn: another way to put it is we create a k8s specific declarative-only "corner" of the spec. I could accept that we might now want to do that.
  - Jacob: is VMWare working on a runtime that implements this?
  - Glyn: we shared the sheaf prototype, which is inspired by CNAB - if we can get the declarative approach, I want sheaf to produce bundles
  - Ralph: I have a concern that if we like this idea, there may be confusion around the features CNAB advertises to users. It is important for us to decide if we enable the CNAB bundle format only.
  - Radu: is there anything else other than an image list left in the proposed version of the bundle?
  - Glyn: no, but there are things like the think format, and the other specs that we could leverage.
  - Ralph: image mapping, security information related to images, and the thick bundle format.
  - Carolyn: there is one thing we didn't talk through - compatibility across tools - a bundle made in Porter / Duffle / Docker app - there always was the expectation that a bundle can works across tools - I have the impression that this is a feature that only one implementation is interested in.
  - Carolyn: if we put this in the spec, we could lose the compatibility guarantee. We would end up with a tool that would only work with its bundles - Porter could never run a Sheaf bundle, and we should be aware this could happen.
  - Ralph: I am very concerned about the question of the gradient. It's one thing to have a clear path wrt gradient, and another to have a runtime that only works with a bundle type.
  - Ralph: there has always been the option to run custom extensions - how is this different?
  - Carolyn: current custom extensions are optional. For example, if the outputs custom extension is not there, the bundle execution stops, so this particular example falls in the same category.
  - Ralph: given the objective of the proposal, it is difficult
  - Jacob: if the objective is to force the bundle not to support invocation image, just omit it from the bundle - if you want to be non-normative from the bundle, it is not crazy to omit the invocation image. Why not use a different "type"? And it would be
  - Glyn: just missing the invocation image,
  - Jacob: parameters, outputs, they are totally optional. Why specify they have to be ignored?
  - Glyn: thinking about having a separate "type" of the invocation image. If we could say the type is "declarative", it would be great. But the current spec is quite biased towards a representation of a file system.
  - Ralph: how about a WASM runtime?
  - Radu: this does not prevent us from doing it necessarily, but we can do file mapping.
  - Ralph: then I am interested in trying around to see how we could do this with the spec.
  - Jacob: WASM is a great example to consider.
  - Ralph: we should have a TODO issue associated with the other issues.
  - Radu: there is a feeling that the current changes requested to the spec are very tied into a specific implementation. Is that useful to any other env?
  - Ralph:
  - Glyn: just omitting the invocation image is not biased to k8s necessarily
  - Ralph: I don't have a use case for running WASM, but it could be.
  - Ralph: leading the TODOs about WASM and processes.
- Remove outdated reference to `bundle.cnab` in published spec [#353](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/353) (Radu)
  - Trishank: we had this issue in TUF as well, where we introduced a feature that was never implemented, then took them back from the spec.
  - Vaughn: +1 on 1.0.2 ; perhaps add a that proposal (w reasons mentioned here) to the issue in comment form and we can vote on it?
  - Carolyn: I vote for a patch
  - Ben: my first reaction was to ignore it as well.
- Quick fix for broken link in security spec [#355](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/355) (please review) (Trishank)
  - this just needs one more approval, really easy spec.
- Establish trust for multiple registries - (anything else before merging?) [#332](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/332) (Radu
  - Glyn: we ended up with some caveats, which is what I was looking for - I think we have enough hints there.
- Update on key delegations for in-toto [#356](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/356) (Trishank, Radu)

  - Trishank: Ralph organized a meeting with Justin, and talked about whether we could do the key delegations for the in-toto root key.
  - Trishank: we want a target key that should sign the root layout, and machine keys to sign anything else.
  - Trishank: https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/blob/28cde2c6d27668f216e52aad0d4787bb4dc75452/301-metadata-repositories.md
  - Trishank: we had some options (forking Notary, making changes upstream, or have a default key delegation scheme) - we decided to have the default key delegation schema, at least for the current implementation.
  - Trishank: the other update is that Radu, I, and the NYU team met last week about the in-toto security guarantees.
  - Trishank: tooling could give you an example. We are trying to make TUF easy to use, we should do the same for in-toto. We want to have some templates that you can reuse, which would hopefully work for most use cases.
  - Radu:
  - Trishank: not only your pipeline should be immutable, but only something in your pipeline signed by humans.
  - Radu:
  - Glyn: you mentioned signing git commits - are there any other examples you could give that would make in-toto more approachable?
  - Trishank: https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/engineering/secure-publication-of-datadog-agent-integrations-with-tuf-and-in-toto/
  - Radu: https://in-toto.engineering.nyu.edu/

- Ralph: everyone take care of yourselves!
