## April 15th - General Meeting

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  | https://youtu.be/XGZSAcgbdaA |
| Attending  | Chris Crone, Carolyn Van Slyck, Tom Haney, Trishank Karthik Kuppusamy, Silvin Lubecki, Ralph Squillace, Radu Matei, Matt Butcher, Jacob LeGrone |
| Note Taker | Radu Matei |
### Agenda

* Welcome new CNABBERS
* Welcome Jacob as spec maintainer
* Reviews:
    * Split claim and result into separate documents - anything else before merging? ([#349](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/349#issuecomment-612207901)) (Carolyn, Jacob)
        * Carolyn: recently updated this PR, waiting for final review from Jacob
        * Jacob: almost finished the last review, submitted some comments - it is looking really good, thanks, Carolyn! Just a couple of superficial comments left.
        * Butcher: we are very close to finalizing the claims spec, right?
        * Jacob: I agree. The larger change is that outputs are no longer parts of the claim, so runtime implementors should review this PR.
        * Butcher: thank you for pushing through this change!
        * Carolyn: we introduced an identifier for claims, and we're using it to reference results back to claims. Please review!
        * Carolyn: Demo - Josh Dolitsky and Vaughn added plumbing in Porter to allow necessary configuration for accessing the Docker daemon on the host (and potentially privileged containers).  This is off by default, but allow people to run Docker Compose.
        * Carolyn: this improves Porter UX around Docker Compose with a new mixin (interested in making the experience much better in Porter, and the new Compose spec!)
        * Carolyn: demo of the new Docker Compose mixin. Please give feedback in the Porter repo. https://github.com/deislabs/porter/
    * Establishing trust for multiple registries - just needs a rebase ([#332](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/332))
        * Radu: just needs a final rebase.
        * Trishank: rebasing right now, so we can mege.
    * Initial draft for the registry specification ([#362](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/362)) (Radu)
        * Chris: we can leave sections as TODOs until we have clear direction. Looking at what we have so far, the annotations part is still left, as well as storing non-container components.
        * Chris: updates are also happening in OCI Artifacts. We should also add a few examples.
        * Radu: should we have a known implementations section, similar to the CNAB security spec?
        * Chris: yes, that makes sense.
    * [Signy v0.0.3 release draft](https://github.com/cnabio/signy/releases/tag/untagged-00ed798ca223bbe46852) (reuse TUF root and targets, update to Go modules) (Radu)
    * CNAB Security known implementations ([#288](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/288)) (Radu)
        * Trishank: looks good, the original review, there was one more review item, but we could merge as a draft.
        * Radu: the main review item left is around transparently verifying for in-toto metadata.

    
* Should in-toto verification image be a CNAB component? (Radu)
    * Radu: Verifications work by running the in-toto CLI to perform verification (thus CLI is required, along with other utilities). Those may be highly specific versions/os/arch, etc. So we can't make the decision at layout building time what tools need to be used. So we can run them in a container image. Right now, you have to run the verification inside of a container that you create.
        * How does a bundle author define and distribute the verification image (and can it be part of the invocation image)?
    * Trishank: The in-toto checks the entire supply chain for creating the tools used in the image. We want to bundle the verification so that it can be run by users. How do we distribute it. We could distribute the verification as easily as we distribute any other images.
    * Radu: Two questions:
        * Can client tooling override a verification image
            * Trishank: The verification image is hard-coded as part of the software supply chain. If this can be overridden, why bother with the SSC verification in the first place?
            * Radu: In in-toto, you still rely on the client environment for running the verification, and that can be different. So in-toto itself does not give you this exact reproducibility. But my org might have specific requirements (such as logging the results of the verification). So I might have an image that supplies this functionality for running a given verificatin.
            * Trishank: Yeah, that makes sense. You might want to root it in your own environment (image?). This is slightly different than the in-toto spec right now
            * Radu: Signy allows you to supplier your own verification image. As  long as it has in-toto. It has the minimum requirement that in-toto states that it requires.
            * Trishank: Though in-toto does not do this by default, we should standardize on this. We should consider the wishes of the original supply-chain provider. But I don't see why we couldn't...
            * Ralph: Two roles: Producer creates the verification to _project_ the reliability. The consumer wants to _protect_ themselves from various liabilities. But we have to balance the needs of these two while acknowledging that there is an "out of band" agreement that this is a process to follow. So we will have usecases that will benefit from the shared image, and others where consumers will prefer to use their own. But this is probably always going to be an out-of-band organizational choice.
            * Trishank: When in-toto says to run an inspection, it does not tell you which host to run it on. One thing we could do is fool in-toto into running in a different environment.
            * The notetaker is lost
            * Radu: There are two kinds of verification:... There is no guarantee (in the spec) that the host is configured correctly, identally to the original producer. So we get around this by using a container image. 
        * Should verification be part of bundle.json, or is it generic enough that we don't add it to bundle.json, and have conventions to allow fetching.?
            * Trishank: I think it should be ABOUT bundle.json. So it should be separate. So just like we distribute keys, we should distribute the verification
            * Radu: It can also be a convention of client tooling to find which verification to use
            * Trishank: TUF metadata could tell us everything we need to know about getting and running the verification
* Demo of docker and docker compose functionality in Porter (carolynvs)
