## July 8th - General Meeting

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  | |
| Attending  | Thomas Hane, Carolyn Van Slyck, Radu Matei, Chris Crone, Mohamed Chorfa, Trishank Kuppusamy, Vauhn Dice, Ralph Squillace |
| Note Taker | Vaughn Dice |

### Agenda

* Welcome new CNABBERS! ðŸ¦€
* (carolynvs) Rename master branch to main?
    * Carolyn: Porter did this last week; very straightforward.  Will require CI fixes/updates.  Also the GH branch protection rule.  After the next successful PR, deleted master.  Note: be wary of source links that reference master in the URL.
    * Radu: Friendly reminder to use permalinks
    * Radu: What about the GH pattern of redirecting URLs?
    * Chris: docker -> moby rename benefitted from this GH forwarding
    * Radu: What about 'go get'?
    * Carolyn: I'll re-check; don't usually rec 'go get'
    * Radu: Is anyone opposed to renaming the branches in the cnabio org?
    * Radu: Will open an issue in the community repo to gain consensus.
* (carolynvs) Can we drop the -beta1 prerelease metadata?
    * Closer to semver to use it only as we stabilize before an important release, e.g. v1.0.0-alpha, v1.0.0-beta.1, v1.0.0-rc1, v1.0.0-rc2, leading to v1.0.0
    * v0 means unstable, we don't also need the beta on everything
    * When we dropped it on Porter's releases, we got all positive feedback from users. Some said that the -beta was hurting their ability to use it (scrutiny over something labeled beta vs pre 1.0 software was increased).
    * Carolyn: -betaX suffix actually preventing adoption in some cases
    * Ralph: Proposal is to only use the -beta/-alpha/etc. suffix during stabilization period for major releases?
    * Carolyn: Yes
    * Will anything break if we do this?
    * Radu: Not on signy
    * cnab-to-oci did use -beta.1 on releases but shouldn't break anything if process is changed
* Demo parameter sets
    * Oops, no screen share this session; delayed until next time 
* More peeps w/ Zoom mtg host rights?!
    * Ralph: will pursue
* Please review initial draft for registry spec - [`cnab-spec#362`](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/362)
    * Radu: I've addressed feedback and/or created follow-up issues; needs 1 more LGTM.

* Call out the July 1st CNAB Security Meeting
    * Ralph: Huge undertaking by Trishank and Radu (and others) :clap: :tada:
    * Radu: Santiago also a big help!
    * Any updates to signy per the spec?
    * Radu: Getting closer, have some items to work on.  Signy is tested and working properly.  Next area is verification in-container and on a host.
* Rust CNAB lib could use some contributions to any/all that are interested
    * https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-rs
    * Radu: Yay! We have two opts for canonical JSON in Rust!
    * Trishank: Do they both output the same thing?
    * Radu: Yes!
