## **Jan. 08 Agenda - General Meeting**

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  | https://youtu.be/bsDOqRCzhzM |
| Attending  |  Ralph Squillace, Radu Matei, Matt Butcher, Chris Crone, Trishank Karthik Kuppusamy, Carolyn Van Slyck, Silvin Lubecki, Jacob LeGrone, Vaughn Dice |
| Note Taker | Radu M |

### Agenda

- Add Silvin as maintainer on Spec repo (Matt Butcher)
- _Stable_ working draft for CNAB Security and Distribution (when ready) vs. 1.0, considering upcoming changes with OCI Artifacts and Notary v2 (Radu M)
- Move other repositories (e.g. `signy`, `cnab-to-oci`) under github.com/cnabio (Radu M)
- Please review the latest PRs on the security and claim specifications (https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pulls) (Radu M)
- Common repository for `cnab-to-oci` C bindings? (Rust and Python bindings in progress) (Radu M)
- Claims spec process to completion (Matt Butcher)
- Update on MS usage of CNAB and Porter (Matt Butcher)
- Should we parse digest from the `image` field? https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-go/pull/166 (Jacob) -- see also https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/issues/287
- Anyone working on a distributed claim store? (Chris)

### Notes

- Add Silvin as maintainer on Spec repo
    - we voted last November to add him, but the configuration to the repo was not added

- Stable draft vs. 1.0 for security and registry
    - Chris: if we wait for registries to support new versions, it might take a long time. Notary work is unknown at this point.
    - Trishank: not sure if there will be incompatible changes for Notary, so we don't know at this point. We should release a 1.0 with the stable draft, then update if / when new versions are supported.
    - Matt: do we anticipate changes to the core spec? 
    - Radu: we could end up with different versions
    - Chris: I worry that if we don't cut versions, people trying to adopt will be deterred because they will think we don't have stable versions.

- move other repos to `cnabio`
    - Matt: switch to DCO for all repos (JDF)
    - Chris: `cnab-to-oci` has to go through legal first, but it needs to vetted first
    - Matt: we should also move `signy` to have an _official_ implementation for security as well

- there might be a change to the core spec that would require an errata

- claims spec
    - Matt: I would like to push the claims spec to completion spec, as multiple tools use it already
    - Matt: there is an outstanding requirement to change `name` to `installation` that might break existing tools.
    - Matt: strive to have the claims spec in a stable draft by end of February
    - Ralph: does the spec have any statement that would prevent storing state in claims, or does it need changes?
    - Matt: we have a statement that would allow an opaque data storage for systems like Terraform
    - Carolyn: have we been thinking about tracking the actions that have been performed on a bundle besides the last one, like an audit operation?
    - Matt: I don't think there is anything specific on it, I will look at it carefully - but because a claim has a name and revision ID, it should be trivial to retrieve all claims related to a bundle
    - Carolyn: distinction between something we implement vs. something required of all tools
    - Jacob: I have been working on an API that queries all claims for a specific bundle
    - Chris: Jacob, could you share that API? It is something that Docker App also needs to solve
    - Jacob: I would like to switch the API to protobuf and at least share the proto - I want to open source it, it might take some time
    - Carolyn: is it for claim storage?
    - Jacob: the API handles installations and internal workflows, for storing, querying, distributing instalations
    - Carolyn: I've been working on a plugin for claims backends for tools (Porter, Duffle) to use and store claims in backends - it would be nice to collaborate
    - Jacob: I could do a demo (add as agenda)
    - Matt: if there are changes required in the claim spec to enable distributed claim stores, please 
    - Jacob: add an identity to claims for audit purposes - we explicitly stated that we don't handle this in claims right now, but this might be required, as we're currently storing that outside the claim
    - Matt: could you open an issue for this? This will end up being required most probably.

- update on MSFT usage of CNAB and Azure examples
    - Ralph was supposed to present this (existing Azure examples have been migrated to CNAB, and the Azure Docs team started implemented bundles)
   
- Should we parse digest from the `image` field? https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-go/pull/166 (Jacob)

    - Jacob: context in PR linked above, more opinions are very helpful here. The PR introduces a `Digest()` function for images - should the method return the content digest, return it only if it was added in the bundle, or return it from the image
    - Jacob: there is also a question of what the content digest is in the context of Docker images - please check the discussion and comment.
    - Matt: we should re-document and add this again on the agenda for next time.
